Change some wording about dependencies (#166)
dbos-inc/dbos-docs: docs/api-reference/static-analysis.md

::::tip
If you got started with the [quickstart](../getting-started/quickstart.md), the plugin is already installed.

> The plugin requires that you have specific versions of `eslint` and `typescript-eslint` installed, so if those are
> already installed for you locally, install the right versions (NPM will tell you if there's a peer dependency conflict).

Reviewer: Or change to something less scary:
```suggestion
If you encounter any error, please make sure you install the right versions of `eslint` and `typescript-eslint`(NPM will tell you if there's a peer dependency conflict).
```
